Sprint bente (#28)
SW814F20/Report: report/Sprint_2/Review.tex

\section{Review of Sprint}\label{sec:review-sprint-two}
To conclude this sprint, we need to review our progress.
We will follow the same process, which can be seen in~\autoref{sec:review-sprint-anne}.

The first goal we had was to develop on the screen functionalities.

> We have made some progress, however, we have not made a functional screen editor, so this goal is not successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have made some progress, however, we have not made a functional screen editor, so this goal is not fulfilled.
```

> We began working on the module for tests, and in its current state, it works as we want, however, it is missing some advanced functionalities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We began working on the module for tests, and in its current state, it works as intended, however, it is missing some advanced functionalities.
```

The last thing we wanted to focus on was to research the GitHub API so we can work on it in the next sprint.

> This is accomplished as we have a good understanding of how to use it and what API's we need to use for our application to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is accomplished as we have a good understanding of how to use it and what API calls we need to use.
```
